docs: add lib.bundle/format/autoExtension doc (#371)
web-infra-dev/rslib: website/docs/en/config/lib/bundle.mdx

- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `true`

Specify whether to bundle the library, which is known as bundle mode when `bundle` is set to `true`, and bundleless mode when set to `false`.

See [bundle / bundleless](/guide/basic/output-structure#bundle--bundleless) for more details.

::: warning

> The bundleless mode is not fully supported yet, and some features like assets may not work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bundleless mode is not fully supported yet, and some features like [assets](/guide/advanced/assets) may not work properly.
```

:::

## Set entry

We should specify the entry file for the build.

### bundle: true

> When `bundle` is set to `true`, the entry should be set to the entry file. The default entry is `src/index.(ts|js|tsx|jsx|mjs|cjs)`. You should make sure that the entry file exists, or customize entry through the [`source.entry`](https://rsbuild.dev/config/source/entry) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `bundle` is set to `true`, the entry should be set to the entry file. The default entry is `src/index.(ts|js|tsx|jsx|mjs|cjs)`. You should make sure that the entry file exists, or customize entry through the [source.entry](https://rsbuild.dev/config/source/entry) configuration.
```

```ts title="rslib.config.ts"
export default {
  lib: [
    {
      format: 'cjs',
      bundle: true,
    },
  ],
  source: {
    entry: {
      index: './foo/index.ts',
    },
  },
};
```

### bundle: false

> When `bundle` is set to `false`, the entry should be set a glob pattern to include all the files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `bundle` is set to `false`, the entry should be set a glob pattern to include all the files. You can check out [glob pattern](https://github.com/micromatch/picomatch#globbing-features) here.
```

```ts title="rslib.config.ts"
export default {
  lib: [
    {
      format: 'cjs',
      bundle: false,
    },
  ],
  source: {
    entry: {
      index: './src/**',
    },
  },
};
```

> You can also use the glob pattern to exclude some files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use with a exclamation mark to exclude some files.
```
